README.md, before:

# Radiation Therapy Treatment Data Summary 

A web application for viewing CODEx modeled [Radiation Therapy Treatment Data](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/codex-radiation-therapy/branches/master/artifacts.html) summaries. For a helpful glossary of radiation therapy terminology, see [here](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-mCODE-ig/glossary.html).

## Technologies Used

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Node Js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
  - Via [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
  - [Interactive Cheat Sheet](https://nerdcave.com/tailwind-cheat-sheet)

## Quick start

Run the application in development mode with:

```bash
npm start
```

## Create React App Docs

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). Below are the default docs provided when you kickstart a CRA project.

### Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

#### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

#### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

#### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

#### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

#### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

#### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

#### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

#### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

#### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

Commit message:

added deploy instructions to the readme

README.md, after:

# Radiation Therapy Treatment Data Summary 

A web application for viewing CODEx modeled [Radiation Therapy Treatment Data](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/codex-radiation-therapy/branches/master/artifacts.html) summaries. For a helpful glossary of radiation therapy terminology, see [here](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-mCODE-ig/glossary.html).

## Technologies Used

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Node Js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
  - Via [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
  - [Interactive Cheat Sheet](https://nerdcave.com/tailwind-cheat-sheet)

## Quick start

Run the application in development mode with:

```bash
npm start
```

After changes have been made, you can deploy a new version of the application to github pages with:

```bash
npm run deploy
```

## Create React App Docs

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). Below are the default docs provided when you kickstart a CRA project.

### Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

#### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

#### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

#### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

#### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

#### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

#### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

#### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

#### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

#### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)
